Readme update (#70)
CarlosFdez/world-explorer: Readme.md

# World Explorer

> GM tool for hexcrawl campaigns that allows displaying a second manual fog of war (with color or image) only over the background layer while keeping the grid visible. You can choose what else this layer covers or not: drawings, (overhead) tiles, and tokens. Grid spaces can be revealed or made partially visible. The GM can always do this manually, but you can also enable auto-revealing areas explored by friendly tokens.

Reviewer: Its ok to remove tiles from the first sentence, since tiles being visible is optional based on placement, but tokens needs to be mentioned. Most other fog of war modules actually obscure the tokens.

> GM tool for hexcrawl campaigns that allows displaying a second manual fog of war (with color or image) only over the background layer while keeping the grid visible. You can choose what else this layer covers or not: drawings, (overhead) tiles, and tokens. Grid spaces can be revealed or made partially visible. The GM can always do this manually, but you can also enable auto-revealing areas explored by friendly tokens.

Reviewer: > while keeping the grid visible

Every fog module does this, its not really a feature. Tiles are variable enough where I think its fine to omit, but tokens should absolutely be included in the main sentence. "hide everything" is a rare use case where someone basically wanted a manual fog of war module that works with spaces rather than a hexploration module.

The opening sentence basically is a summary and needs to be quick to read. While obviously it shouldn't deceive, 100% accuracy to every use case isn't as necessary in the introduction imo.

Author: Okay, then let me try a more catchy introduction. What do you think of:

> GM tool for hexcrawl campaigns that gives you full control of what your party discovers on the map. This module creates a second manual fog of war—with color or image—which you can reveal one grid space at a time. Set what this layer covers or not: drawings, (overhead) tiles, and/or tokens. Grid spaces can be hidden, revealed, or made partially visible.

Reviewer: I like that first sentence! Maybe something like this then?

> A Foundry VTT module for hexcrawl campaigns that gives you full control of what your party discovers on the map. This module creates a second manual fog of war—with color or image—which you can reveal one grid space at a time. Grid spaces can be revealed in full or in part, and while the GM can always do this manually, you can also auto-reveal areas explored by friendly tokens.
>
> The second fog of war displays over the background but below the tokens, giving visibility of the party while exploring uncharted territory. You can choose whether or not this layer covers tiles, or even tokens for games that would prefer to treat it as a manual grid based fog of war.

If you're feeling generous, you can send something through [Paypal](https://paypal.me/carlosfernandez1779?locale.x=en_US) if you want.

## Features

### Scene Settings & Canvas Tools

<img src="images/screenshot-world-explorer-scene-settings.webp" title="World Explorer tab in the scene setting" width="60%" align="left">
<img src="images/screenshot-world-explorer-tools.webp" title="World Explorer canvas control tools" width="30%" align="right">
<br clear="right"/>
<sub><br>Scene setting tab (left) and <br>Canvas control tools (right)</sub>
<br clear="both"/>
<br>

> Enable this module in scene settings. Once enabled, a tool button will be available in the canvas controls to the left. With those, you can either edit the map in toggle mode (where you hide/reveal grid spaces one at time) or in reveal, partial, or hide modes. The tools also allow you to quickly change the opacity for the GM and to reset the entire map (hiding or revealing everything).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable this module for a scene in the scene's configuration. Once enabled, a tool button will be available in the canvas controls to the left. With those, you can either edit the map in toggle mode (where you hide/reveal grid spaces one at time) or in reveal, partial, or hide modes. You can also quickly change the opacity for the GM and reset the entire map (hiding or revealing everything).
```

I'm not 100% of the first sentence, but I think we need to state somehow that its the scene config of a scene. I fear some people might think that scene settings are a global thing or something.

Author: Looks like a good change, I'll commit it.
